CMCL-1260: drive focus distance, CinemachineAutoFocus is not only for HDRP (#670)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.cinemachine: com.unity.cinemachine/CHANGELOG.md

- 3rdPersonFollow and 3rdPersonAim are deprecated and replaced by ThirdPersonFollow and ThirdPersonAim respectively.
- Bugfix: Lens blending was wrong
- CinemachineDeoccluder is a new class, not just a rename of CinemachineCollider.

> - CinemachineAutoFocus extension is now available with builtin and URP pipelines, with reduced functionality compared to HDRP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CinemachineAutoFocus extension is now available for built-in and URP pipelines, with reduced functionality compared to HDRP.
```
